[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7 min and
marketing with ham my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose of b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement in seven minutes at a time
Alisha asked a question with all these
new trends the ways that sales and
marketing teams operate and collaborate
will continue to evolve how is the role
of a Content producer going to change
well Alisha content producers usually
create content for inbound and outbound
marketing communications so that's a
look at the sill size to understand what
types of content they usually need in
general there are three types of content
that sales need maybe they are more but
for the sake of this hard cast I want to
talk about three types of content on
boarding and training content hunting
used by sales to present to customers
content used by sales to pass to
customers so let's talk about these
three types I'm boarding and training
content people may not realize that some
marketing content can also be used for
onboarding and a continuous training amy
pence global sales enablement managers
share her typical onboarding agenda with
me so 9:00 to 10:00 a.m. they start with
storytelling 10:00 to 11:00 is about
discovery to demo $2 eleven to twelve
focuses on sales stages and a play ball
one two three they do whiteboarding and
the topic for three to four is
competitive corner if you review Amy's
agenda you can see content marketers can
provide value in many ways the first
agenda item is storytelling as a content
marketer you can share how you tell
product stories that are relevant for
the sales team as they work with
customers right a lot of content
marketers are storytellers for the
second agenda items live demos are
likely conducted during onboarding
training but you can also share with
your sales training manager any Show and
Tell videos that marketing has created
as for sales play ball
you can contribute product messaging a
buyer sky and the customer testimonials
the next item on her agenda is to
discuss competitive landscape for that
topic you can share product comparison
guys performance benchmark data
competitive analysis and any additional
resources and the reference materials
you may have so if you know the overall
content landscape you can help sales
enablement or sales training managers
source content and the seller a sales
people's knowledge and the performance
so it's a win-win now let's talk about
content used by sales to present to
customers Michael King formal marketing
director of data direct networks explain
the importance of a marketing helping
sales by putting counting into context
when he was at data direct networks the
sales team had regular quarterly
business reviews meeting to be our
experienced sales manager we shared the
challenges they encounter when they talk
to prospects and existing customers then
they will share the solution to address
those issues and the relevant content
they used for example if a customer
inform you that they don't need
centralized storage here's what you as
the salespeople should say and what
content to support your points he
stressed that knowing which content to
use is as important as understanding the
customers challenges in which I agree
completely
again this is also an ally area that
content producer can provide value the
last one is counting used by sales to
pass to customers many of us have had
the experience we're going to a car
dealer to buy a car
Cassio's people would hand us nicely
printed brochures for booklets to help
us make a decision
those pushers are marketing materials
but they are handed out by salespeople
I call them pass-through content for
your sales team there is a list of
content that they will share via email
or leave behind after customer meetings
if you have a regular cadence of
creating new content or refreshing
existing content it's important to
communicate a list of content that you
recreate or refresh with your sales team
educate those people on a list of
content and let them select the
appropriate ones to use at different
stages of a sales journey as they see
fit so here are three ways that sales
team can use the content if you think
about it the job of content producers
really don't change much their job is
still about content creation what
changes is that they need to be
cognizant of the content usage on the
sales side if you are creating content
for marketing outreach and you know that
your sales team may use some of the
content then you need to think how the
sales team will use them anticipate
their needs make necessary customization
in advance so the content can be
amplified on the sales side again Alisha
I hope I answer your questions send me
your marketing question via Twitter a
Pam dinner keep hustling my friends if
you've got this
[Music]
you